[Leon 2024ver]
Seems like finding someone
This lonely Matilda
[(Getting into difficult part)]
[Pass]
Spin Guitar
Lift Tema is sting's
[Helping him...?]
[EP172 / Guesthouse HalMyungSoo / Episode of IU]
[(Video is not paused)]
[(His style doesn't change)]
They say between ten years many things change
I'm seeing this guest almost in ten years.
Wanted to meet so much
[(Lonely) / (Rather than Myungsoo focused on welcoming special guest...)]
but it's not easy to invite this guest.
many of you love her so much
[(Nervous)]
and I love her so much
IU!
[Myungsoo has been knowing her for ten years]
Should I've introduced her more?
- IU.
- Hello.
[IU is a star who doesn't need any  more description]
- IU.
What have you brought to me.
[Awkward]
Didn't you just pick this up from somewhere?
- I blowed like this.
- Don't lie to me. Don't lie.
[(Having fun to tease teacher)]
Did you really blow air in it? Maybe not.
[She didn't make it]
I filmed an advertisement before coming here
[Warm]
and I brought it as it looked so pretty.
[Park Myungsoo(53) / Currently advertisement 0 / For request of advertisement @dj_gpark]
- Did you film advertisement?
- I went there. I just filmed and came here.
- So envy you.
- I brought this.
[(So thankful) / (Bow)]
- Thank you. Thank you. How long has been passed.
- In a long time.
Teacher...
It really has been a while.
- Teacher you are so.
- Why. What's wrong?
[Sad]
You look so small now.
It's not like that.
If you say like that
then someone might think I'm sick.
[IU, you can't go anywhere]
It's not that. Sit here. You can't go anywhere.
It wasn't ten years. In the meantime we sometimes met.
[Coincidentally met after finishing radio / Reference : YouTube Myungsoo looking for talented impersonator]
- Greeted each other after finishing radio.
- I saw you when you were passing by.
I suddenly was like
- why aren't you visiting my radio?
- He always says like this.
[(How can I go there when I'm not invited...)]
- With strong voice.
- I can visit there when you cast me.
So I could agree.
- Right.
- I didn't cast her.
You didn't cast me.
I'm so thankful about that.
- And...
- I came out as soon as you cast me.
No, no. It's not that.
[(With no excuse)]
There are a lot to say.
[(I shouldn't have talked about it)]
We'll talk about it later in second episode.
As you filmed advertisement so aren't you full?
- No, no. I'm so...
- You must be full.
[So hungry]
- I didn't eat anything before coming here.
- Hey IU.
Actually when you film advertisement, even you didn't
have anything you must be full.
- Even I don't eat anything?
- It's been like eight years
[(He is hungry for eight years)]
- since I filmed last advertisement.
- Right, right.
That's also right but
as you're going to prepare meal for me so
I intentionally didn't have anything.
[So true]
- You're eyes don't lie.
- I'm being honest.
- Okay, okay.
- I'm so hungry now.
[(Myungsoo card chance)]
Then you order whatever you want to have.
[(Considering)]
As I'm so hungry right now so
- Don't act but comfortably.
- I'm so hungry for sure.
[Staring]
- Really?
- Feels like my face is losing weight.
How come you look more prettier.
- Really?
- Yes.
[Myungsoo wants to get prettier]
- What do you eat?
- What I eat...
Why are you so pretty.
[(IU looks the same even time passes)]
When you came with your guitar, you look same as that time.
[Infinite challenge song festival]
- It has passed ten years, teacher.
- Already has passed ten years?
[(IU / 23) / (IU / 32)]
When I went out for infinite challenge song festival I was 23 years old and now I'm 32 years old.
Has passed nine years.
[(Considering)]
What should I eat.
Something cheap. Cheap...
[(Considering mode ON)]
So what do you really want to eat?
[(Menu recommendation is needed)]
Can't you recommend something...
Don't you want to eat steamed clam?
[(Can't figure out his menu choice)]
Steamed clam?
Others ordered lots of strange menus.
[Yellow tail : Something strange(?)]
- ITZY came here and ate yellow tail.
- Yellow tail.
[Tuna sushi (?) : Didn't order it]
They ordered something like tuna sushi.
What do you want to have?
[Now at this moment]
I actually want to have jajangmyeon.
- That came to my mind.
- Jajangmyeon?
[At infinite challenge song festival / (First day of recording)]
When I first visited your recording studio
- with my guitar.
- Right, right.
You ordered jajangmyeon for me.
[(Can remind memory in ten years)]
Right, I did.
Right X4
That came to my mind and
since yesterday I wanted to eat jajangmyeon.
Didn't I make you to become a celebrity at that time?
[Of course I agree]
- Yes, thanks to you. I became popular.
- If you didn't come out infinite challenge then...
[It's just personal opinion]
Right, right so there are a lot to talk...
So what's your schedule today?
[Only HalMyungSoo]
- I don't have any more schedule.
- Right?
There are a lot to talk.
[Fried rice man has a lot to talk]
Then I would order fried rice.
[(IU's pick : Jajangmyeon + sweet and sour pork)]
Then I would order jajangmyeon and sweet pork.
[(Tap...)]
I'll order them.
Wouldn't I?
Here... Should I tap jajangmyeon here?
[(Give up)]
- We'll help you.
- Okay.
Anyway thank you so much for coming here even you're busy.
I should've come here earlier.
- Why did you come here so late?
- I'm sorry.
[Embarrassed]
No, no. You shouldn't say that.
I actually
end of last year...
[(Myungsoo called her all of a sudden)]
You called me all of a sudden so
- Yeah, I would call you suddenly. I can't tell you when to call.
- Yes. So...
It wasn't something like broadcasting right?
[(He personally called her)]
- It wasn't.
- You just called me right?
No, I can't do something like that.
I even couldn't organize comeback schedule.
[(After two ring bell she picked the phone up)]
- You received after two bell ring.
- Yes, after two ring.
I picked the phone up and
[Pinggyego / Zzabbro]
You said 'If you visit Jaesuk or Dongyeop's program then...'
'you're out'.
[Sudden threat]
Suddenly without any plan.
[That's not true]
- She's exaggerating.
- No, I'm not.
- No.
- I didn't say like that.
I didn't exaggerate a bit.
IU, are you staying well.
In this cold weather are you having good time?
[(Warm and cozy conversation of Myungsoo)]
When you plan to promote new music or work
[Waiting]
come out on my program first.
[Stammer Stammer]
When did I say Jaesuk?
You named those two people.
[(Gave up) / Repeating again]
If you go out Jaesuk and Dongyeop's program then you're out.
[(First warm greeting, later threat]
- I dind't say you're out...
- No, you also mentioned that.
You're out and I won't see you again.
[(Right)]
You said 'I won't see you again'.
[Gave up saying excuse]
I didn't see her for ten years
there wouldn't be that much difference even I don't see her.
But I feel very sorry as
[IU, even with those words went to Pinggyego first]
I visited Jaesuk's program first...
At that time I was at coma state.
[Out of mind]
I was at coma state... So I thought
[She promised me though...]
IU is not that type of a person.
She is the person who picks her phone up after two ring bell.
[(=You went there because he called you right?)]
At that time Jaesuk called you to come out
right?
[IU has fidelity so...]
Jaesuk must have called her.
It's same as Jeong Hyung-don called long time ago.
As Jaesuk called...
[No]
I asked to go out.
[Today my whole world is collapsing...]
Wait, call the ambulance.
But to be honest
I forgot about that call
at that time.
[(That can be true but I'm thirsty)]
- That's possible.
- And then
[Completely forgot]
I went Pinggyego to meet Jaesuk and
[Ah, I promised Myungsoo]
- I suddenly remembered your words.
- Really?
Myungsoo said I'll be in trouble.
[(Waiting failed)]
So
[Sullen]
at that place I told the truth and called you.
At that time... Jaesuk suddenly called me and
'Bro, tikita according to the rhythm' and then 'Spin guitar'
[(Huh...?)]
I felt something strange.
[So suspicious tikita]
There's no reason for Jeasuk to say tikita to me all of a sudden.
When you said spin your head also spinned.
Are you teasing me?
[No]
Hey IU visited there?
[(Quickly telling the truth)]
Teacher, I forgot to go out that program first. I'm sorry.
- She told the truth.
- I told you the truth...
[On Halmyungsoo]
But I'll show what's to do one's best
[IU, doing one's best]
- on your program.
- I'll show how I do my best.
I'll spin three times tumbling.
[(Revealing IU doing tumbling for the first time)]
- Tumbling...
- I'll do whatever you ask me to.
Going back to my newbie mind.
[(IU full of passion)]
- I came here to do whatever I need to.
- Really? Are you going to show whatever you got?
Of course.
I couldn't sleep after hearing
you coming out this program.
[(She didn't forget to give beef set to him)]
- On this new year's day also you gave me beef set.
- Yes, I sent you.
[Local star is somewhat becoming smaller]
Well... I don't have that much as you have but
after receiving that
[Giving present to you]
- it was somewhat awkward to send back.
- I just...
[(What's the present Myungsoo prepared)]
So I prepared some presents.
- For me...?
- I bought them by myself.
[First time receiving present in ten years]
- Really? It's my first time receiving present from you.
- He prepared by himself.
- Really?
- Really.
[(Full) / (of) / (presents)]
This is what I bought from market at dawn
[(=IU, can you understand my love?)]
It's different from presents that crews prepare.
[(Wait)]
- I'm so touched...
- Sit, Sit.
[Unexpected surprise]
- How can I receive while sitting.
- No, no.
Give my cellphone to me.
[It sounds like you want that...]
It's not like I want you to acknowledge my effort but
[this middle aged man is not that skillful...]
- You can boast.
- No, I'm not boasting now.
I'm not here to show off but I want to express my true heart.
[Showing himself visiting flower shop at dawn]
I don't earn more than you but
- For IU, I directly
- It really is flower shop...
to present.
- Came flower shop at dawn.
- I visited there at dawn.
- IU, I bought them all.
- Bought those flowers.
This whole bunch.
- Whole bunch?
- Yes, that bunch.
- Wow.
- Of course, you might have received lots of flowers and presents but
[Boasting right away]
local star visiting express bus terminal at dawn and
paying 6,000 won for parking fee.
I even parked wrong.
[(Oh my)]
That's not important but
I bought these 100 flowers.
Awesome.
With this clothes, it looks like a set.
[Set]
- Biggest rose.
- Don't tease me...
Thank you so much.
Have you seen something like this?
Hey, where are balloons?
This, this.
Didn't you just pick this up?
[Quarrel]
- No.
- From where you filmed advertisement.
- It's not what I picked up...
- Hey, I don't have that much but
- You...
- I really don't take care something like this but.
[With teacher / (Warmheart...)]
- Really?
- I thought it suits you so.
So thank you I will
- dry this at home.
- Put them in your home.
Dry?
[For IU]
Put them in your home and when you need I will buy again.
[For flower wholesale @dj_gpark]
I wholesale flowers so it would be three times cheaper than you buy.
[(Confused)]
Can you hold this then...
Can I have my cellphone
you as a big rose.
[(Becoming big rose by her direction)]
- Teacher, you're big flower.
- No...
Take one picture please.
[Should take picture...!]
Why are you taking picture of me? I gave you the present.
- I gave you the present but it's like my sixtieth birthday party.
- Teacher, it's completely...
[Smiling / (Sixtieth birthday party pose)]
[Asking him to take picture of her]
Are you still taking pictures?
I don't take
[He doesn't get it]
pictures...
[Trying once again]
I looked forward to it.
[(Responding to her wish)]
- As I changed my cellphone...
- Prettily. Prettily.
You look so pretty.
Lamp is being shown.
Get rid of lamp!
[#What_ is the flower #This_is_talent]
- You also look like a beautiful flower.
- Thank you so much.
[From Myungsoo to IU]
Yes, isn't it pretty? Pretty?
I have a next present.
[(Teacher...)]
- Oh my god...
- I'm not trying to make you feel uncomfortable. I'll make it quick.
No, no you can tell longer.
[(Present for grandmother)]
This is for your grandmother.
[(Everyone surprised...)]
- It's making me cry... (Impressed)
- Why?
Give this to your grandmother.
[His warmheart pushed her crying button]
- I feel like I want to cry...
- Why?
It's traditional cookie for your grandmother.
Highest quality cookie. Touch it.
[Tears]
- I feel like I'm going to cry.
- Touch this. Touch here.
[(Touch the present first)]
- I feel like I'm going to cry.
- Touch here. Touch this.
[(Showing off what he prepared...)]
- Really... I'm so impressed.
- This one also I bought it.
[(Highest cookie for her grandmother)]
- Why are you taking it out?
- So luxurious package.
[Tears]
Thank you so much.
So what's this exactly?
[Difficult to understand]
This is not yakgwa but what's this?
[He also doesn't know]
Traditional cookie? Fusion.
[Laughing after cyring]
- Traditional but fusion cookie?
- I don't know exactly... I only know the price of it.
Your grandmother likes fusion doesn't she?
- My grandmother?
- Yes.
[Last present]
- And this is.
- What's that.
[(Interst Interest)]
- Fragrance product.
- I... I bought
[(Middle aged man wants to boast directly)]
- Sit down please.
- I'm curious.
You just need to stay calm.
[(Going directly)]
This fragrance of cover...
[(Very aggresive scent testing)]
Doesn't it smell good?
I also went to buy it.
[Telling TMI because he feels shy]
After getting ten percent discount.
[Receiving ten year amount of impression...]
- I don't know whether you like this scent or not but
- Wow.
This is so pretty.
[(but, with capitalism)]
It's pretty as it's expensive.
[(Myungsoo picked this fragrance thinking IU)]
- There was a tomato scent in it and it smelled good.
- Tomato?
Lilac lavender (?)
[(Not great at gift-giving)]
I think I've got the wrong one.
[Unwrapping]
It's for refills!
[Unwrapping some more]
Sure
[And more unwrapping]
- Aren't you overworking yourself?
- No.
[Opened 0/10 gifts so far]
Can I open one?
[Self-unboxing is over]
Sorry.
[Note: unsponsored]
This is not a sponsorship.
Myungsoo picked these out completely by hand.
I picked that because it smelled nice.
It's a bit...
[Certified praise from Myungsoo]
Oh! It smells expensive.
[Sincere]
I love it! Really.
[(First present after ten years is thankfully a success)]
- I'm glad you like it.
- Thank you so much.
[Peeking]
Is there more?
There's no more...
Why have you become so sweet?
[?????]
I've always been sweet.
I know you've always been sweet but...
[Park Myungsoo (53) / Complains for a living]
I just yell to pay the bills.
[Myungsoo-tamer]
It's nice to see more of this side of you.
[(Compliment Allergy ON)]
I knew when I first met you how sweet you were.
[Curious]
How did you know?
You just have sweet eyes...(?)
[IU's pick for Sweetest Eyes of 2024]
You're good at giving empty compliments.
[In 2010]
Do you know we met when I was 16?
[Infamous Naengmyeon incident / (Repenting for the Nth time)]
I apologize again.
- No that's not...
- I was really angry at the time.
[(YES)]
- You were actually angry then?
- I was.
What happened was
[Explaining for the Nth time]
I was supposed to sing Naengmyeon at the Jisan Valley Rock Festival
[Looking for his duet partner]
and I yelled out, "Go get Jessica!"
[(So rookie singer IU replaced her)]
But she was busy...
That was when I felt it.
[When he acts angry / (Eyes shut)]
He acts like that on camera as a joke
[Mr. Myungsoo was (is) an angry man]
but when he makes rude comments his eyes move.
[IU knows your true feelings]
Because he doesn't actually mean it.
[(Still, Myungsoo went too far)]
What happened wasn't your fault.
I can't say anything to you since I'm not the one who called you.
[IU saw his warm side]
I've always known you were a kind person.
I hope you recognize my sincerity.
[... / ggoggomu]
You didn't have too much fun on DdeunDdeun, right?
I enjoyed DdeunDdeun too, but...
But I'm going to overdo it today.
[(Pressure)]
- So you're saying you're not coming back.
- No.
You're never looking back after this.
Don't overdo it.
Just be comfortable.
Have you seen Halmyungsoo?
Of course!
It's such a popular show.
No, not lately.
[???? / (Sad)]
It's slowing down now.
[(Pupil comforting her teacher)]
But these days I hear that
YouTube is experiencing
- slower viewership platform-wide.
- Really?
So the fact that Halmyungsoo still gets views
[(You're the best)]
means it's doing really well.
[Feels a bit better]
- You were still supporting from afar.
- Of course.
[(Big fan)]
I've watched Halmyungsoo a lot.
[ITZY episode]
I saw the one ITZY was in.
[ITZY episode, NewJeans episode]
And the one NewJeans was in.
[ITZY episode, NewJeans episode, Jisoo episode]
And the one Jisoo was in.
[Holds grudges]
But you still wanted to go on DdeunDdeun.
[(Tries to deny it...)]
That's not true.
You've gotten good with your replies.
You used to be so naive
[Proud]
and get flustered but now...
[IU (36) / 16-year veteran singer(?)]
I've been doing this 16 years now.
[Strong IU]
I'm not shaken by anything you do now.
- Are you going to keep calling me "teacher"?
- Yes yes.
[(Sunbae) /(Teacher forever)]
- How about "sunbae"?
- Forever.
[I want to be sunbae (senior) now]
Why is Jaesuk called sunbae and I'm...
I started off on the wrong foot.
[(No changes allowed)]
Of course. Once a teacher, always a teacher.
Sunbae feels more friendly though.
[Stubborn / Only teacher]
- You won't change it?
- Teacher.
[Teacher]
You're really keeping your distance.
You really taught me so much.
What did I even teach you?
[...]
Did I do anything besides yell?
You taught me...
the harshness of... the adult world?
Teacher!
[(Crouch) / ?]
- What now?
- Happy New Year.
[Immediate bow]
Have a Happy New Year.
Stop that!
[(Has given out New Years money before)]
How much money do you want from me?
[Before the day of filming]
It was Lunar New Year a few days ago.
[(Doesn't give gifts retroactively)]
Come next year. I'll give you money then.
[Grab]
Should I come wearing a hanbok next time?
[Already excited]
Don't make empty promises. You have to come.
The last time you did this Jisoo replaced you.
[(First episode / Second Episode)]
- She came on twice right?
- She was here twice.
I always keep my word.
[The miracle of IU's second appearance]
[Have to return the favor]
Then in exchange...
I'll give you 200 roses.
[His team is not on his side/It's IU...]
You can do better than roses.
We're just starting out with 200 roses.
[It's New Year's]
You should give her New Year's money.
[It's okay]
You don't have to do that.
[Wants to do something]
I want to.
I'm grateful to even be here.
No. I'm...
I think you should just
sit here wearing a bright-colored hanbok.
Are you trying to send me away?
What about this?
For the New Year's special
I'll come wearing a hanbok and wish you a new year.
[(Persuading with sound logic)]
It won't consume anyone's time...
and everyone will come wearing hanbok
[It'll be a hit]
and you give us money and wise advice.
[Partial self-quarantine(?)]
And I sit here all day?
Yes! You'd be here all day.
[Tune in for Myungsoo's third quarantine(?)]
Everyone comes by and does it.
Do you remember that one time?
[Faint memory]
Was it the Pyeonchang olympics?
After filming there
[At the company dinner]
you had two bottles of soju...
I did?
[There's another reason IU models for Chamiseul]
I drank two bottles of soju?
[(IU's drunk story)]
Out of all the members, you...
[!!!! / (Remembered the two bottles)]
Oh! I did do that!
That was the day we finished Leon.
[(Myungsoo remembers vividly)]
Right! That's right.
[(Infinite Challenge dinner but without Myungsoo)]
- We had a group dinner.
- I couldn't make it to the Infinite Challenge dinner.
[(Heard crazy rumors)]
Apparently you drank two bottles there.
- That day I was completely...
- Why'd you drink so much?
They kept giving me drinks!
[(Everyone gave a drink for her hard work)]
They were congratulating me...
but I couldn't refuse some drinks and accept others.
[23-year-old IU]
And I didn't know how to regulate myself then.
I drank every one... and that day...
The story got twisted then.
[Drunken IU]
At the time the members all said you were a heavy drinker.
[(First and last two bottles)]
That was probably the last time I got that drunk.
In my life.
[What alcohol]
Now what do you drink? Wine?
No, Chamisul.
[(Of course...)]
[(Soju is Chamisul)]
I just did a Chamisul shoot before this!
[Sunken eyes / Instantly aged]
Really? Okay.
[(Concerned)]
You look very tired.
- You were up since dawn?
- No, not dawn.
[Overworking since morning (not dawn)]
I'm here when department stores open... after the radio show ends...
[(Exhaustion affects his conversation skills)]
You've been busy lately right?
[????]
That transition was... a bit too abrupt
[(Just going with it)]
- How've you been?
- I'm very busy these days.
This episode comes out on March 1 right?
[?????]
How'd you know?
You told me...
[(???) / Doesn't know what a spoiler is..]
That's a spoiler...
[(World Tour starts on March 2)]
I start touring on March 2.
[Tour for Uaenas across Asia/Europe/America]
From Asia
to Europe and America.
[First concert]
- Starting in Seoul?
- Yes.
[(Excited...) / (What he wanted to hear)]
You should come!
[(Really?)]
Sure! Of course.
[(Super happy)]
I'll buy a ticket.
- No...
- No no.
- You can't.
- Why not? I have money.
[Old man doesn't understand ticketing]
- I do!
- You can't find them.
What of ticket is that!
[Anyway]
I'm preparing for a tour
And my album hasn't come out yet.
[Love wins all]
I listened to your new song
[IU ballad for people in love]
- You were holding hands with V?
- Yes, that's "Love Wins All"!
- After listening to "Love Wins All"...
- It was a pre-release.
[Love wins all]
Sing it for us please!
It doesn't have to be today.
That song?
[Ha... (Speechless)]
[(You must think I'm someone else)]
Do you know me? Do you know whose show you're on?
How can I sing that song?
You're a great singer.
Is there any junior who knows you better than I do?
[IU(32) / Vocal coach / Taught Myungsoo to sing]
- I coached you...
- Right! I remember.
Don't ask me
[Dizzy]
Don't ask me?
[(Partial memory)]
You laughed at that part!
[(Instantly forgets)]
What was the other part?
[(Contagious forgetfulness)]
[(Printing error)]
[(Suddenly curious)]
Do you still sing Leon?
[Only at concerts]
For fans!
[G-Park's song]
- I sing it a lot on the show.
- Do you sing it a lot?
Like a remix of my part?
No, without your part.
That's strange. Without my part...
[That's 80% of the song]
there's no song left?
I edit it into an EDM version.
[(50th apology)]
Sorry. I should have told you.
Not at all!
[At the Infinite Challenge Festival]
But why'd you choose me?
[(100% real pick)]
- We didn't plan that.
- We didn't.
[First reason]
You're good at singing.
[(Instantly accepts)]
Yes, I am.
I'm the best among the members right?
- Didn't you say something back then?
- What?
That if I didn't choose you I'd die...
[Hasn't changed in 10 years]
You're not planning on coming back, are you? You're ending it right now.
They said "We're matching singers with members!"
and I said to IU
[You'll die if you make eye contact]
Pick me. If you don't you're dead...
[(Curious about everything]
- Did it help?
- A little!
[(Hops over)/(Joking)]
I was like "Oh... I'll die?"
[Appeasing]
- I was drawn to you.
- Really?
- But it was a hit!
- It was.
[Leon broke the charts at the time]
- We received a lot of love.
- It was a mega-hit right?
[Leon]
- It was!
The whole country knew the rap part.
[Accidentally dissing his own parents for 10 years]
My mom and dad didn't.
[(Scratch)]
Leon...
[Been a while]
- Let's sing it.
- I'm embarrassed to sing this in front of IU.
[Since when?]
You've sang this for me before.
[(Tiger IU)]
She's scary!
[Wide-eyed]
"Teacher... Do it one more time."
"Teacher!"
"That's not the right rhythm!"
[(Boom)]
"Tikita! Spin to the rhythm"
That wasn't your face then.
[Had no warmth for Myungsoo]
You were white as a ghost.
"Teacher... do it over."
[(The effect of strict education)]
And the whole country remembered your part!
[Nervous / Leon / EU GOD G Isn't EU (Park Myungsoo, IU)]
- Why aren't you singing?
- This is the prelude.
Lelele
[(A rare sight)]
Leleleon
I need to focus.
[Immediately locked in]
Straightened back, bobbed hair
Where are you going
with that mean walk?
[Leon 2024 ver.]
Who are you looking for?
This lonely Mathilda
[(Entering the problem area)]
Spin, guitar. Lipte masting shebo maiha(?)
[Again...?]
I'm a man who
doesn't act his age. Call me...
Leon, call me
[(Live EDM error)]
Among the...
noisy people
[(Remembering the lyrics)]
why don't you
dance just a little?
I'm curious about you
Your inscrutable face
and black sunglasses
Mon cher look at me
I don't want to dance
Don't ask the reason
Hey baby look at me
Don't want you to see my sad eyes
Don't come closer
Blink
[Leon doesn't disappoint]
[Staff]
IU did most of the work.
[Accused of being a feature]
[New song teaser]
But when I saw your music video
[Tang Wei appeared in the MV]
Tang Wei was in it.
- Yes! Tang Wei came to the filming.
- Really?
She is really...
so beautiful.
[(Amazed all over again after 10 years)]
- Wow. The fact that they got Tang Wei in music video...
- Thankfully.
[(Amazed all over again after 10 years)]
- Wow. The fact that they got Tang Wei in music video...
- Thankfully.
So, what is the new song about?
[In the mini album, incredibly]
There are two title tracks.
One song is really exciting.
[First title song, Shopper]
- It's a song called "Shopper."
- Sofa.
Your shopper.
[Shopper (O) / Sofa (X)]
- I meant this sofa.
- Not this sofa.
Saying it's a sofa because it's very comfortable, saying it's a sofa.
- People shopping.
- Right, X3
This song is called "Shopper," don't hold back.
['Show your desires freely']
Just unleash your desires, like that.
And the other second song is
[Second title song, Holssi]
It's a song called "Holssi,"
This song has a bit of hipness to it.
I will live as a spore, not a flower.
I felt like I was not a flower.
I thought I would bloom as a flower.
It has bloomed... It has bloomed now.
[I want to live as a Holssi]
I feel like I'm not a flower.
I too will soon become a flower of the afterlife...
[First reveal of Holssi]
This song is somewhat like this, roughly.
[(Getting confirmation from the teacher)]
Fly high to bloom.
If someone asks about my well-being
Tell them if there's anyone who asks
That they have become a Holssi.
[My reaction watching this right now.mp4)]
[Doomchit / (A born-to-be dancer who can't hide her talent)]
The song is nice.
- There's also dance.
- Suddenly, why the dance all of a sudden.
[Flustered]
Why suddenly dance?
This is what the song is like.
[Front row fan service]
Shall I also rap for you?
It would be nice if you do.
Just do everything, all of it.
[Top of Korean hip-hop takes off]
Always carry your sunglasses for your eyesight.
[Getting absorbed]
Looking up, it's dazzling, not scared of heights at all.
[(Buzzing) / A dark wizard controlling Park Myung-soo)]
I will go up and look down nonchalantly.
Riding the clouds, having a blast for once.
[We'll completely mess up our hearts]
That's it.
[The reason is]
It's too good.
I really like this.
I'll download it.
- Go ahead and download it.
- Oh, okay, okay.
[Jjajangmyeon has arrived]
The delivery is here.
Why did so much come?
What's this?
What is this?
Seems like it's food?
Fish-fragrant eggplant.
What?
We ordered it well on our own.
I really have to eat a lot today.
Sorry, you two, but you've been staring at each other too much.
That's right.
[Forgot to film because of happiness]
- Because we like it.
- Because it's been so long, it's dear to see him after such a long time.
That's right.
I will enjoy the meal.
Eating well is eating well, but
I was really very hungry.
Hey, but are these noodles all right?
[Firm]
No, just like this.
The noodles
[(Disassembling)]
- Later
- If you need me, let me know.
[IU's Palette]
Please come to Palette as well.
I'll sing live there.
[(Of course)]
You should definitely do it live there.
It would be great if you could come to"Palette" and sing 'Love wins all'.
[Confident]
Could you make a song for me?
Does it feel like a burden?
Now, if it's not possible, just say it's not possible.
- No, it's not possible.
- Okay, got it, got it.
Good.
- Okay.
- Too...
[Firm]
I don't like making promises I can't keep.
[(Ah, cried again today)]
Yes, yes, yes.
Then you really won't have any days off.
I don't have any these days.
[Tour starting soon]
- Keep practicing for the concert
- and practicing for the concert.
[Comeback schedule]
And there's YouTube too.
[(Clingy)]
Then, where did you appear on YouTube?
That's the end with DdeunDdeun, Pixid, Halmyungsoo.
[(Pleased)]
Well done.
[Satisfied]
You're company's doing good job.
[YouTube]
Any other places you'd like to recommend?
No, I absolutely don't want to recommend any.
[(Teasing the teacher is exciting)]
[(Even a bite of jjajangmyeon)]
This place is delicious.
[Distrust in the production team]
But it's still edible.
Everyone's eaten, right? Yes.
It's dinner time.
No, no, it seems everyone has already eaten.
They sneak it in.
Then how do you normally eat?
Mostly order delivery.
[Food craze lately]
Just lately, it's scorched rice.
I now buy a big bag of it.
Really.
When I have no appetite, I boil some scorched rice.
It's good with some side dishes.
Get a chef for your home.
[??? : If you can afford it, you should!]
If you can afford it, have like 3 chefs in residence at your home.
From what I see, even so.
Basically, someone like IU by now.
Should be contacted by places like the community center.
Because she's a world star.
[Modesty]
- No, no, no.
- You bring in foreign currency.
[IU must eat well!]
World stars should be taken care of by the community center.
Call to check if you've eaten.
Have you had your meal?
Myungsoo always talks about 'Park Myung Soo's Friends' concert, you know?
[(Feigning ignorance)]
Just need to book IU for that, and it's all set.
[(First time hearing)]
No, that's not it.
No, no.
Playing the piano, singing, and I have hit songs too.
Born as an artist.
I should try having my own concert at least once.
Right, right, concerts are really something else.
[(Yum yum)]
Yeah, so...
Are you listening?
Many friends say they'll come.
The company's stance is quite different.
[Myungsoo]
Personally, I think...
Like aespa or maybe...
Huh?
- Tomorrow X Together
- Really?
Seventeen's Vernon and The8.
Le Sserafim would also come...
[(Something's off)]
Le Sserafim is said to have quite a different view from the company, so now...
It seems possible with ITZY.
Then there's Chungha.
- All of The Boyz
- You've cast all of them?
[(Naive)]
They said all of them would come.
[Suspicion]
[To the point]
What about you? So
[IU-customized concert]
I'm trying to set a date according to your schedule.
I'm trying to book the Gocheok Dome now.
I carry around 6 million won in cash.
- To give the reservation fee right away?
- Yes, yes, yes, that's right.
Be honest with me here.
You don't lie anymore, so...
It's not possible.
[(Troubled)]
Then...
Yeah X6
How many junior teams now?
30 teams, 30 teams.
- So, 30 teams
- But then, that's
In 'Park Myung Soo and Friends'
[(=Doing nothing?)]
So, Park Myung Soo..
[Astonished]
Only appears at the beginning and the end.
[Innovative concert]
Just doing the introductions, only introductions.
[Looking for an escape]
So, who has been confirmed now?
None.
[(Solemn)]
[What I mean]
Can you come and perform 'Leon' with me?
So, I just need to go and perform 'Leon' once?
Not really.
How many songs do I need to do?
Maybe about 7 songs.
What? Teacher?
Why are you getting angry?
[Leon]
One song might be a bit disappointing, so...
Including 'Leon', three songs?
If that's a lot...
Teacher, you should try to develop it a bit more.
But someone has to come for it to be developed.
[Then]
This, I will
[This]
- I'll OK it
- What
To someone
[Expectation]
When you cast others
[(This could work)]
"IU seems like she would do it"
[Astonished / (=Not possible now)]
[Accurate]
Right now, teacher, you're too
It seems like you only have the concept
Once it's fleshed out
I'll give you a definite answer.
[(Only whether it can happen matters)]
- So, there's a possibility?
- Yes, yes, yes.
So, the other friends too
- It could just be you as the friend
- That's not it.
- Is that not okay, too?
- That, that's not okay.
It would be 'Park Myung Soo and IU' then.
But
[Concert]
Have you talked a lot about it?
[Confident]
I asked every singer who comes.
But in a state where nothing is prepared?
[(No thought)]
It's not prepared.
Is it like a Seodongyo method?
[Clearly / (Busy eating)]
[(Halmyungsoo special: Guest leads)]
Do you have a soul food, teacher?
I just like pork.
I like pork too.
[Good restaurant]
Where do you go?
[(Pork restaurant?)]
- Know a delicious place?
- Uh, don't know?
[Dad who wants to share good things]
I have a place I did on YouTube.
There's always a celebrity there when I go.
[Celebrity / Myungsoo's junior]
With a shoulder like this
What? Uh?
[G-Dragon(35) / Myungsoo's junior]
GD
[(Self-praise)]
Their cost was three times more than ours.
I paid for it.
[(Recommending a celebrity restaurant to a celebrity)]
There are many celebrities there, but it's really delicious.
[Restaurant specialty]
Reservations are hard, but there
I'll be waiting
- Waiting?
- Yeah
It's not about listening to IU
It's about talking together, isn't it?
[Curious]
What did you say?
Please record this! It's too funny.
Listen to what IU says.
You need to keep pace for the conversation to flow, right?
No, here
"What's your soul food?" is written here
but since you didn't read it, I did.
[Staring / (Busy eating) /
Q. Do you have a soul food? (A food you usually like)
Do you have a soul food, teacher?
[Shameless]
Yeah, you lead.
You have a lot of hit songs, don't you?
Yes.
Your most cherished song
I like IU's songs
Among your songs
From my song, 'To Fool From Fool'.
- Is that your favorite song?
- Do you know that song?
Of course.
Fools also love.
The person you sent
- Never again
- I won't cry anymore
You're a singer.
[(A song where the cover is better than the original)]
The song met the wrong maker.
IU, you have too many songs.
They're all hits.
In the beginning of my debut, nothing worked out.
[Lost Child]
Even my debut song didn't do well
but after that
'Boo', 'Marshmallow'
Brighter songs like these started receiving love
[Hit song]
Now, the song 'Nitpicking'
'Nitpicking' is the best.
Then came 'Good Day'.
So, my song that you like
The one you sang with Seulong
[Just now]
'Nitpicking'
It just came up in conversation
Let's just go.
Let's stop, let's stop.
[Murmuring]
Where are you going?
Let's just go.
Let's stop.
I can hear your nagging.
[Praise makes Myungsoo sing]
Fundamentally, your tone is so good.
It'll be chaos, chaos, if I sing a duet, I'll cause chaos.
[Chaos in a different sense]
It'll be chaos, this will cause chaos if I do it.
Why would you throw away such an opportunity?
[Enough already]
It's not possible.
[Finally back to the main topic]
IU, what's your favorite song of yours?
My favorite among my songs
[(Of course, with 189 songs released)]
It's hard to pick just one
Right.
'Knees'
Do you remember, teacher?
['Knees' first live audience: Park Myung Soo]
I did my first live performance in front of you
Playing the guitar?
I do remember.
[Doubt]
It seems you don't remember.
How was my reaction then?
You were lukewarm.
[Infinite Challenge Music Festival]
Wasn't that the song you originally brought?
The song you suggested to sing together?
That was 'The Shower'
[(Memory revived)]
The Shower, The Shower
['The Shower' is included in the mini album 'CHAT-SHIRE'!)
The song 'The Shower' was released later
You did a cover of 'The Shower' once.
Really?
[(Myungsoo from 3 years ago)]
Oh my!
It was when I was heavier.
[(Watching a cover in front of the original artist)]
It's embarrassing.
It's too close-up.
[(Focused)]
Oh my.
You changed the melody entirely?
You quietly come down.
Settling in my dry places.
[Embarrassed]
I did fix it a bit.
I was the one who suggested doing this, teacher.
['The Shower']
That's not a song meant to be sung alone, you know.
It switches back and forth between chorus and main, but you did the whole track by yourself.
So
The Shower
[(Accepting praise humbly)]
- Your tone is so good
- Right?
Use me.
It's not possible.
What kind of person is Park Myung Soo according to IU?
Hey, this is such an old-fashioned way.
[(Still curious)]
You're such a kind person.
[Touched]
In what sense do you say that?
When you suddenly make a fuss like that
[Crispy on the outside but moist inside Myung-soo]
you always apologize right afterwards to me.
It's because it's you, because it's you.
No, you've been doing this since I was a rookie.
You know it's not true, right?
You're doing well. It will turn out fine.
I really was a rookie then! When people didn't know me well.
- Did I say that?
- Yes!
You're a really warm-hearted person.
[Embarrassed]
Oh, the atmosphere is a bit like this right now...
How do you think of IU?
[(Serious)]
Although you are young
I feel there are admirable aspects to learn from
and your abilities as an artist
are exceptionally outstanding.
This isn't just empty talk.
[(100% sincerity)]
I hope IU continues to be active for a long, long time!
[Touched]
[(Middle-aged man who can't say anything ticklish)]
Now that we're here
- we need to let it digest.
- Okay.
Let's play a game before you go!
Sure!
What game should we play?
Do you have any games you've tried?
I don't do things like this!
Oh...
What is Kushi express?
- You tried it, didn't you?
- You've tried it.
[([Memory switches in a second)]
Oh, I've tried it!
[KUSHI EXPRESS / Age perception (?) possible]
I feel like I'm getting older.
[(Interested)]
What is it?
First, shall we
- give Kushi express a try as a tasting?
- It's a tasting.
How do we do it?
[According to the card shape]
- Two, three.
- Oh, what?
[Putting it on the plate earns 1 point!]
Enjoy your meal!
[(This card] Shout 'Welcome!' earns 1 point)]
- Welcome!
[The first person to score 5 points wins!]
Shall we bet on 5 points?
I'm nervous...
When it comes to things like this
I have a bit of desire to win.
Do you have a wager in mind?
[Regular penalty for variety shows]
Finger flicks...?
Finger flicks...
No, no, no.
[(Rookie's attitude)]
A finger flick is good.
How do I hit you?
I'd rather be beaten.
That's fun too!
Great! Then go for it.
[First question]
Two, three.
- Goodness...
- Oh my, oh my, on my.
[(Quick and accurate)]
- Oh my, oh my, oh my.
- Oh my.
Enjoy your meal!
Oh, you.
You have no choice but...
No, no, no.
It's a 5-point bet.
[(Shocked)]
I'm so competitive, so...
It's a practice game.
No, no, it's not a practice.
[(Not to go easily)]
Practice!
[Second question}
Huh!
[(Thoroughly)]
[(Nearly completed)]
Huh, this isn't easy, is it?
[(Similar speed than expected)]
Enjoy your meal!
[Woohoo]
Aren't you working too hard?
[(The world isn't a piece of cake)]
Then, of course, I must figure out how to win.
[Third question]
Huh, what it is?
What, what, what.
Huh, what is it?
[(Myung-soo has also gotten noticeably faster)]
Huh, no!
Wait.
[(Both are fitted differently from the picture)]
E... Enjoy your...
[(Hehehehe)]
Ding!
Why!
[(She noticed it first)]
Huh? What is it?
[Neat]
Enjoy your meal!
[Hehe]
- Ah, this was zigzagging on both sides.
- That's right.
How come you're so good at this?
[Fourth question]
Two, three.
[(High level)]
- Hey, this...
- Huh? What is it?
[Childish..]
[(Glance)]
[(You'll be punished if you do something wrong)]
[(While Myung-soo is remaking it)]
[Focus / (IU almost completed)]
[(Also, make the final check)]
Enjoy your meal!
[Current score / (IU) 3 : 1 (Myung-soo)]
[Hu-hus]
You can do it if you try.
[I win / 3 : 1]
2 : 1
[(Tired...)]
Is there no next game...?
[Fifth question]
Two, three.
- Welcome!
[Competitive spirit MAX]
You haven't gotten up like this!
Oh, I got up, I got up.
I got up and then sat down!
[Evidence that IU is kind]
- I'll concede this one, it's a tie.
- Tie, tie.
[Sixth question]
- Welcome!
I win!
[(This side also absolutely won't compromise)]
Right now, seriously!
I was fast.
[What does it matter?]
It's because you're light.
[(If you win here, IU wins! / Seventh question)]
One, two, three!
[Agility]
Oh, I can't see this clearly...
You need to see the colors well!
[(Quickly replace)]
Done.
Enjoy your meal!
[Space]
IU won.
- Oh, but this is a bit...
- Isn't this something you roll?
Oh... This.
I wanted to win...
You are just too...
Huh...? Because you're like this.
- It's a little...
- I need to be hit!
I need to get it together!
A junior deserves a senior!
- You don't have stinging hands.
- My hands, my hands...
[(Just cute)]
They're small.
I'll slap you!
[(Park Myung-soo's achievement - Finger flicks from IU)]
I'm honored! I get finger flicks!
Let's get going.
[(Pop...)]
[Disappointed entertainer]
Did it not hurt much?
[IU Power - Age 3]
It feels like a 3-year-old is hitting.
Punch with a fist once.
[(Trying other games as well)]
What is BAM?
[Lucky Game BAM / A game of chance where you take one piece of gold from BAM /
If the BAM pops out while taking the gold, you're out!]
- I've never seen it before.
- Just press this.
Lucky game!
[(Practice and start by drawing once each)]
Can I eat this?
[Rock-paper-scissors / (The loser takes the gold!)]
Rock-paper-scissors!
I'm fearless.
[Shaking]
You are hesitating too much, aren't you?
[(Gold + 1 )]
- This is not a real snake.
- Just do it, just do it.
- Rock-paper-scissors!
- Scissors!
Rock-paper-scissors!
[(uhhehehe)]
[Cute... Childish...]
- Rock-paper, Rock-paper-scissors!
- Rock-paper-scissors!
- Scissors!
[(Growl / (Despite being fearless, extremely tense)]
[(Hum...)]
Rock-paper-scissors!
[Please]
[(Please, please)]
Oh, I'm nervous!
[(Careful)]
[(Success!)]
Your luck is ridiculously good!
You are only 30 years old.
Isn't it too successful for your age?
Out of blue?
[Let's talk if you're jealous / Honestly, I was really jealous]
I'm feeling so sick to my stomach with jealousy.
If you have everything...
Are you greedy?
What's your dream?
My dream!
A singer
filling up gymnastics stadiums even when I'm seventy!
[(The unexpected dream of a disciple)]
I wonder
how much time is left until you turn seventy?
I have about 40 years left now.
Then I...
Let's go, one, rock-paper-scissors!
- Rock-paper-scissors!
Oh, this time, really.
[(Focused lips)]
If you do it this time, your performance will be amazing.
Performance in America.
[Congratulations / IU World Tour is a huge success]
- Rock-paper-scissors!
- Scissors!
[(Shivering)]
Wow, what a surprise!
What a surprise!
[(Try again)]
[(Father faints)]
- Huh, this!
- No!
- I'm scared...
- No, no, no, this.
With the captain and all, stabbing someone
this is much scarier
and this will bite!
[(Ah... I feel like my heart's about to explode)]
It's popping out.
[(Space...) / (Space...)]
[(Finger flicks)]
Good job!
[(Warming up for finger flicks)]
I need to get it together now.
[(Forehead ready)]
Show your forehead!
[Mmm-hmm]
[Uhhehe]
Even now, I hit a little harder than earlier, right?
How do you go on a world tour...
My strength is a bit...
[Daiso for grip strength]
I'll buy you a grip strengthener from Daiso.
[IU, be healthy!]
- Huh?
- I'll get stronger.
[Already done]
How was it?
[Myungca 1]
I've been gifted
[Myungca 2]
fed
and slapped finger flicks.
Stop by Daiso on the way, huh?
- I had a fun.
- When you're touring the US
and meet a local, you can finger flick
to show them how spice Korean is.
- That's true. That's important.
- Yes, yes.
Are you coming next year for new year's holiday?
Next year's Lunar New Year or something.
- A year or so after I did it.
- Yes, yes.
- Okay, okay.
- I'm coming in a hanbok.
Take care with the flowers.
Thank you so much, IU.
Is it heavy?
It's heavy.
[I (love) U]
Thank you.
Thank you for your efforts.
[Brightly]
[(Myung-soo looking back as if he had been waiting)]
Bye.
You did a good job.
Thanks a lot.
- Please visit me.
- Yes, yes.
[([Anyway, it's not pretentious)]
- Take the gift with you.
- Sure.
I bought it myself!
[Hesitant / (Father reluctant to part)]
She's gone...
Let's go!
[Next thing]
Delicious, delicious.
Looks appetizing.
Challenge!
[(Take a big spoonful of bubble tea and eat it)]
[(Bubble tea ASMR)]
[(It is tastier than I thought)]
[ASMR villain / slurp, slurp]
Ah, it's nice.
No... just a moment.
Your just having Gong Cha.
[Please show a lot of interest in the silly ASMR with Moon Star]
If it's good, it's good. So what can I do about it?
[Every Friday at 5:30 PM]
Thank you.
It's telling you to subscribe!
What are you doing right now! Subscribe!